Export XML
All applicable parts of the notification form must be completed. If there is insufficient space for your 
answers, please include attachment(s) by clicking on the paper clip icon on the bottom left-hand corner or 
in item 3 of Part II or item 10 of Part III. The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.
6.
Please note that submission of any false or misleading information is an offence under Part VII of the SFA. 
In this form, the term “Listed Issuer” refers to – 
a company incorporated in Singapore any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the 
official list of a securities exchange; 
(b)
a registered business trust (as defined in the Business Trusts Act (Cap. 31A)) any or all of the units in 
which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange; 
(c)
a corporation (not being a company incorporated in Singapore, or a collective investment scheme 
constituted as a corporation) any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the official list 
of a securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; 
Except for item 4 of Part III, please select only one option from the relevant check boxes.7.
8.
9.
(a)
10. For further instructions and guidance on how to complete this notification form, please refer to section 6 of 
the User Guide on Electronic Notification Forms which can be accessed at the Authority’s Internet website 
at http://www.mas.gov.sg (under “Regulations and Financial Stability”, "Regulations, Guidance and 
Licensing", "Securities, Futures and Fund Management", "Forms", "Disclosure of Interests").  
a recognised business trust any or all of the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a 
securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; or 
(e) a collective investment scheme that is a trust, that invests primarily in real estate and real estate-
related assets specified by the Authority in the Code on Collective Investment Schemes, and any or all 
the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange, such listing being a 
primary listing (“Real Estate Investment Trust”). 
(d)
Please read the explanatory notes carefully before completing this notification form. 1.
This form is for a Director/Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to give notice of his interests in the securities of 
the Listed Issuer under section 133, 137N or 137Y of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (the 
“SFA”). Please note that the requirement to disclose interests in participatory interests applies only to a 
director and where the Listed Issuer is a Singapore-incorporated company. 
2.
This electronic Form 1 and a separate Form C, containing the particulars and contact details of the 
Director/CEO, must be completed by the Director/CEO or a person duly authorised by him to do so. The 
person so authorised should maintain records of information furnished to him by the Director/CEO. 
3.
This form and Form C, are to be completed electronically and sent to the Listed Issuer via an electronic 
medium such as an e-mail attachment. The Listed Issuer will attach both forms to the prescribed SGXNet 
announcement template for dissemination as required under section 137G(1), 137R(1) or 137ZC(1) of the 
SFA, as the case may be. While Form C will be attached to the announcement template, it will not be 
disseminated to the public and is made available only to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
"Authority"). 
4.
A single form may be used by a Director/CEO for more than one transaction resulting in notifiable 
obligations which occur within the same notifiable period (i.e. within two business days of/of becoming 
aware of, the earliest transaction). There must be no netting-off of two or more notifiable transactions even 
if they occur within the same day. 
5.
Explanatory Notes
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CAP. 289) 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES (DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS) 
REGULATIONS 2012 
  
NOTIFICATION FORM FOR DIRECTOR/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
IN RESPECT OF INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
FORM 
1 
(Electronic Format)
Page 2 of 5FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Name of Listed Issuer:1.
Trek 2000 International Ltd
2. Type of Listed Issuer:
  Company/Corporation✔
  Registered/Recognised Business Trust
  Real Estate Investment Trust
Name of Director/CEO:3.
Kwek Swee Heng
4. Is the Director/CEO also a substantial shareholder/unitholder of the Listed Issuer?
  Yes
  No✔
Is the Director/CEO notifying in respect of his interests in securities of, or made available by, 
the Listed Issuer at the time of his appointment? 
(Please proceed to complete Part II)
(Please proceed to complete Part III)
5.
  Yes✔
  No
6. Date of notification to Listed Issuer:
24-May-2018
Part I - General
Page 3 of 5FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Part II - For a new Director/CEO giving notice of his interests  
at the date of appointment
Date of appointment as a Director/CEO of the Listed Issuer:1.
24-May-2018
2. Details of interest in securities:
Quantum of Interests
  
  
Description of securities Direct 
Interest
Deemed 
Interest Total
Circumstances giving 
rise to deemed 
interests 
  
 [You may attach a chart in 
item 3 to show how your 
deemed interests arise.]
(a) Ordinary voting 
shares/units of Listed 
Issuer
No. of ordinary voting 
shares/units held :
0 301,000 301,000 The shares is held by 
the spouse. 
 
As a percentage of 
total no. of ordinary 
voting shares/units:
0 0.09 0.09
(b) Other shares/units 
(excluding ordinary 
voting shares/units) of 
Listed Issuer
No. of shares/units 
held:
(c) Rights/Options/
Warrants over shares/
units of Listed Issuer
No. of rights/options/
warrants held:
No. (if known) of 
shares/units 
underlying the rights/
options/warrants:
(d) Debentures of Listed 
Issuer Principal amount:
No. (if known) of 
shares/units 
underlying 
convertible 
debentures:
(e) Rights/Options over 
debentures of Listed 
Issuer
No. of rights/options 
held:
Principal amount (if 
known) of 
debentures 
underlying the rights/
options:
Page 4 of 5FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
(f) Contracts over 
shares of the Listed 
Issuer which the 
Director/CEO is a party 
to, or under which he is 
entitled to a benefit, 
being contracts under 
which any person has a 
right to call for or to 
make delivery of shares 
in the Listed Issuer
Principal value of 
contracts held:
No. (if known) of 
shares/units 
underlying the 
contracts:
(g)  Participatory 
interests made available 
by Listed Issuer
No. of participatory 
interests held:
(h) Others (please 
specify)
5. Remarks (if any):
4. If this is a replacement of an earlier notification, please provide:
(c) 15-digit transaction reference number of the relevant transaction in the Form 1 which was 
attached in the Initial Announcement:
3.
Date of the Initial Announcement:(b)
Attachments (if any):
SGXNet announcement reference of the first notification which was announced on SGXNet 
(the "Initial Announcement"):
(a)
(The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.)
The percentages of total no. of ordinary voting shares are computed based on 322,887,925 issued share capital 
(excluding treasury shares) of Trek 2000 International Ltd.
Name of Individual:
6. Particulars of Individual submitting this notification form to the Listed Issuer:
(a)
Kwek Swee Heng
(b) Designation (if applicable):
Independent Non-Executive Director
Item 6 is to be completed by an individual submitting this notification form on behalf of the Director/CEO
Page 5 of 5FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Transaction Reference Number (auto-generated):
(c) Name of entity (if applicable):
Trek 2000 International Ltd
3 4 1 4 1 4 3 4 2 3 3 9 8 6 1

