Export XML
All applicable parts of the notification form must be completed. If there is insufficient space for your 
answers, please include attachment(s) by clicking on the paper clip icon on the bottom left-hand corner or 
in item 3 of Part II or item 10 of Part III. The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.
6.
Please note that submission of any false or misleading information is an offence under Part VII of the SFA. 
In this form, the term “Listed Issuer” refers to – 
a company incorporated in Singapore any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the 
official list of a securities exchange; 
(b)
a registered business trust (as defined in the Business Trusts Act (Cap. 31A)) any or all of the units in 
which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange; 
(c)
a corporation (not being a company incorporated in Singapore, or a collective investment scheme 
constituted as a corporation) any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the official list 
of a securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; 
Except for item 4 of Part III, please select only one option from the relevant check boxes.7.
8.
9.
(a)
10. For further instructions and guidance on how to complete this notification form, please refer to section 6 of 
the User Guide on Electronic Notification Forms which can be accessed at the Authority’s Internet website 
at http://www.mas.gov.sg (under “Regulations and Financial Stability”, "Regulations, Guidance and 
Licensing", "Securities, Futures and Fund Management", "Forms", "Disclosure of Interests").  
a recognised business trust any or all of the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a 
securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; or 
(e) a collective investment scheme that is a trust, that invests primarily in real estate and real estate-
related assets specified by the Authority in the Code on Collective Investment Schemes, and any or all 
the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange, such listing being a 
primary listing (“Real Estate Investment Trust”). 
(d)
Please read the explanatory notes carefully before completing this notification form. 1.
This form is for a Director/Chief Executive Officer (“CEO”) to give notice of his interests in the securities of 
the Listed Issuer under section 133, 137N or 137Y of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (the 
“SFA”). Please note that the requirement to disclose interests in participatory interests applies only to a 
director and where the Listed Issuer is a Singapore-incorporated company. 
2.
This electronic Form 1 and a separate Form C, containing the particulars and contact details of the 
Director/CEO, must be completed by the Director/CEO or a person duly authorised by him to do so. The 
person so authorised should maintain records of information furnished to him by the Director/CEO. 
3.
This form and Form C, are to be completed electronically and sent to the Listed Issuer via an electronic 
medium such as an e-mail attachment. The Listed Issuer will attach both forms to the prescribed SGXNet 
announcement template for dissemination as required under section 137G(1), 137R(1) or 137ZC(1) of the 
SFA, as the case may be. While Form C will be attached to the announcement template, it will not be 
disseminated to the public and is made available only to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
"Authority"). 
4.
A single form may be used by a Director/CEO for more than one transaction resulting in notifiable 
obligations which occur within the same notifiable period (i.e. within two business days of/of becoming 
aware of, the earliest transaction). There must be no netting-off of two or more notifiable transactions even 
if they occur within the same day. 
5.
Explanatory Notes
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CAP. 289) 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES (DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS) 
REGULATIONS 2012 
  
NOTIFICATION FORM FOR DIRECTOR/CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
IN RESPECT OF INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
FORM 
1 
(Electronic Format)
Page 2 of 6FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Name of Listed Issuer:1.
HOTEL GRAND CENTRAL LIMITED
2. Type of Listed Issuer:
  Company/Corporation✔
  Registered/Recognised Business Trust
  Real Estate Investment Trust
Name of Director/CEO:3.
TAN ENG TEONG
4. Is the Director/CEO also a substantial shareholder/unitholder of the Listed Issuer?
  Yes✔
  No
Is the Director/CEO notifying in respect of his interests in securities of, or made available by, 
the Listed Issuer at the time of his appointment? 
(Please proceed to complete Part II)
(Please proceed to complete Part III)
5.
  Yes
  No✔
6. Date of notification to Listed Issuer:
24-May-2018
Part I - General
Page 3 of 6FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Part III - For an incumbent Director/CEO giving notice of an acquisition of, or  
a change in his interest in, securities of or made available by the Listed Issuer
Transaction       
Date of acquisition of or change in interest:1.
23-May-2018
2. Date on which Director/CEO became aware of the acquisition of, or change in, interest  
(if different from item 1 above, please specify the date):
23-May-2018
Type of securities which are the subject of the transaction (more than one option may be 
chosen):
4.
  Ordinary voting shares/units of Listed Issuer✔
  Other types of shares/units (excluding ordinary voting shares/units) of Listed Issuer
  Rights/Options/Warrants over shares/units of Listed Issuer
  Debentures of Listed Issuer
  Rights/Options over debentures of Listed Issuer
Contracts over shares of the Listed Issuer which Director/CEO is a party to, or under which he is 
entitled to a benefit, being contracts under which any person has a right to call for or to make 
delivery of shares in the Listed Issuer
  Participatory interests made available by Listed Issuer
  Others (please specify):
Explanation (if the date of becoming aware is different from the date of acquisition of, or change 
in, interest):
3.
5. Number of shares, units, rights, options, warrants, participatory interests and/or principal 
amount/value of debentures or contracts acquired or disposed of by Director/CEO:
Interest in 40,000 ordinary shares
6. Amount of consideration paid or received by Director/CEO (excluding brokerage and stamp 
duties):
at S$1.58 per share
A
Page 4 of 6FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Acquisition of:
7. Circumstance giving rise to the interest or change in interest:
Disposal of:
Other circumstances :
  Securities via market transaction
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Securities via physical settlement of derivatives or other securities
  Securities pursuant to rights issue
  Securities via a placement
  Securities following conversion/exercise of rights, options, warrants or other convertibles
  Securities via market transaction
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Acceptance of employee share options/share awards
  Vesting of share awards
  Exercise of employee share options
  Acceptance of take-over offer for Listed Issuer
  Corporate action by Listed Issuer (please specify):
  Others (please specify):✔
Deemed interest arising from purchase of shares by Tan Chee Hoe & Sons Holdings Pte Ltd.
8. Quantum of interests in securities held by Director/CEO before and after the transaction. 
Please complete relevant table(s) below (for example, Table 1 should be completed if the change relates to 
ordinary voting shares of the Listed Issuer; Table 4 should be completed if the change relates to debentures):
  
Table 1. Change in respect of ordinary voting shares/units of Listed Issuer 
Immediately before the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of ordinary voting shares/units held:
39,791 432,165,769 432,205,560
As a percentage of total no. of ordinary 
voting shares/units: 
0.005 62.604 62.609
Immediately after the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of ordinary voting shares/units held:
39,791 432,205,769 432,245,560
Page 5 of 6FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
As a percentage of total no. of ordinary 
voting shares/units:
0.005 62.6099 62.6149
9. Circumstances giving rise to deemed interests (if the interest is such):  
[You may attach a chart(s) in item 10 to illustrate how the Director/CEO's deemed interest, as 
set out in item 8 tables 1 to 8, arises]
Mr. Tan Eng Teong deemed interest arose through:   
61,471,875 Shares held by Tan Eng Teong Pte. Ltd.,   
369,414,838 shares held by Tan Chee Hoe & Sons Holdings Pte Ltd, and    
1,319,056 shares held by his spouse.
Attachments (if any):10.
11.
SGXNet announcement reference of the first notification which was announced on SGXNet 
(the "Initial Announcement"):
(a)
If this is a replacement of an earlier notification, please provide:
Date of the Initial Announcement:(b)
(c) 15-digit transaction reference number of the relevant transaction in the Form 1 which was 
attached in the Initial Announcement:
Remarks (if any):12.
(The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.)
Transaction Reference Number (auto-generated):
7 8 3 6 9 2 2 4 3 4 4 4 4 9 2
Item 13 is to be completed by an individual submitting this notification form on behalf of the Director/CEO. 
13. Particulars of Individual submitting this notification form to the Listed Issuer:
(a) Name of Individual:
TAN ENG TEONG
Page 6 of 6FORM 1/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Designation (if applicable):
DIRECTOR
(b)
(c) Name of entity (if applicable):
TAN CHEE HOE & SONS HOLDINGS PTE. LTD.

