Export XMLImport XML
Explanatory Notes
FORM 
6 
(Electronic Format)
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CAP. 289) 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES (DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS) 
REGULATIONS 2012 
  
NOTIFICATION FORM FOR TRUSTEE-MANAGER OR  
RESPONSIBLE PERSON IN RESPECT OF CHANGES IN ITS 
INTEREST IN SECURITIES
Please read the explanatory notes carefully before completing this notification form. 1.
This form is for a Trustee-Manager or Responsible Person to give notice under section 137R(1)(a) or 
137ZC(1)(a) of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap. 289) (the "SFA").
2.
3. This electronic Form 6 and a separate Form C, containing the particulars and contact details of the Trustee-
Manager/Responsible Person must be completed by a person authorised by the Trustee-Manager/
Responsible Person to do so. The person so authorised should maintain records of information furnished to 
him by theTrustee-Manager/Responsible Person.
4. This form and Form C, are to be completed electronically. The Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person will 
attach both forms to the prescribed SGXNet announcement template for dissemination as required under 
section 137R(1) or 137ZC(1) of the SFA, as the case may be. While Form C will be attached to the 
announcement template, it will not be disseminated to the public and is made available only to the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore (the "Authority").
5.
6. All applicable parts of the notification form must be completed. If there is insufficient space for your answers, 
please include attachment(s) by clicking on the paper clip icon on the bottom left-hand corner or  in item 10 
of Part II. The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB. 
7. Except for item 4 of Part II, please select only one option from the relevant check boxes.
8. Please note that submission of any false or misleading information is an offence under Part VII of the SFA.
9. The term "Listed Issuer" as used in this form refers to  - 
10. For further instructions and guidance on how to complete this notification form, please refer to section 9 of 
the User Guide on Electronic Notification Forms which can be accessed at the Authority's Internet website at 
http://www.mas.gov.sg (under "Regulations and Financial Stability", "Regulations, Guidance and Licensing", 
"Securities, Futures and Fund Management", "Forms", "Disclosure of Interests"). 
(a) a registered business trust (as defined in the Business Trusts Act (Cap. 31A)) any or all of the units in 
which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange; 
(b) a recognised business trust any or all of the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of 
a securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; or
(c) a collective investment scheme that is a trust, that invests primarily in real estate and real estate-
related assets specified by the Authority in the Code on Collective Investment Schemes, and any or 
all the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange, such listing 
being a primary listing ("Real Estate Investment Trust").
A single form may be used by a Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person for more than one transaction 
resulting in notifiable obligations which occur within the same notifiable period (i.e. within one business day 
of the earliest transaction). There must be no netting-off of two or more notifiable transactions even if they 
occur within the same day. 
Page 2 of 6FORM 6/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Name of Listed Issuer:1.
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Trust ("FLT") (See Part II Item 12 below)
2. Type of Listed Issuer:
  Registered/Recognised Business Trust
  Real Estate Investment Trust✔
Name of Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person:3.
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Asset Management Pte. Ltd. ("FLIAM") 
4. Is the Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person also a substantial unitholder of the Listed Issuer?
  Yes
  No✔
Part I - General
Page 3 of 6FORM 6/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Part II - Transaction Details
Date of acquisition of or change in interest:
Transaction      
1.
23-May-2018
2.
Explanation (if the date of becoming aware is different from the date of acquisition of, or change 
in, interest):
4.
Number of units, rights, options, warrants and/or principal amount of debentures acquired or 
disposed of by Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person:
Not applicable.
6. Amount of consideration paid or received by Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person (excluding 
brokerage and stamp duties):
5.
Type of securities which are the subject of the transaction (more than one option may be chosen):
3.
Date on which the Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person became aware of the acquisition of, or 
change in, interest        (if different from item 1 above, please specify the date):
23-May-2018
Receipt of provisional allotment of 68,271 New Units pursuant to the Preferential Offering (each as defined below)
  Ordinary voting units
  Other type of units (excluding ordinary voting units)
  Rights/Options/Warrants over units✔
  Debentures
  Rights/Options over debentures
  Others (please specify):
A
Page 4 of 6FORM 6/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
  Securities via market transaction
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Securities via physical settlement of derivatives or other securities
  Securities pursuant to rights issue✔
  Securities via a placement
  Securities following conversion/exercise of rights, options, warrants or other convertibles
  Securities as part of management, acquisition and/or divestment fees paid by the Listed Issuer
  Securities via market transaction
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Acceptance of take-over offer for Listed Issuer
  Corporate action by Listed Issuer (please specify):
  Others (please specify):
Disposal of:
Other circumstances:
Acquisition of:
7. Circumstance giving rise to the interest or change in interest:
8. Quantum of interests in securities held by Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person before and after 
the transaction. Please complete relevant table(s) below (for example, Table 1 should be completed if 
the change relates to ordinary voting units of the Listed Issuer; Table 4 should be completed if the change 
relates to debentures):
Table 3. Change in respect of rights/options/warrants over units of the Listed Issuer
Immediately before the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of rights/options/warrants held:
0 0 0
No. (if known) of units underlying the rights/
options/warrants:
0 0 0
Immediately after the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of rights/options/warrants held:
68,271 0 68,271
No. (if known) of units underlying the rights/
options/warrants:
68,271 0 68,271
Page 5 of 6FORM 6/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
9. Circumstances giving rise to deemed interests (if the interest is such):  
[You may attach a chart(s) in item 10 to illustrate how the Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person's 
deemed interest, as set out in item 8 tables 1 to 6, arises]
Not applicable.
Attachments (if any):10.
(The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.)
11.
SGXNet announcement reference of the first notification which was announced on SGXNet 
(the "Initial Announcement"):
(a)
Date of the Initial Announcement:(b)
(c) 15-digit transaction reference number of the relevant transaction in the Form 6 which was 
attached in the Initial Announcement:
If this is a replacement of an earlier notification, please provide:
Remarks (if any):12.
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Trust is a real estate investment trust. The manager of FLT is FLIAM (the "REIT 
Manager").  
 
The REIT Manager had, on 23 May 2018, launched a pro rata and non-renounceable preferential offering of 
152,153,437 new units in FLT ("New Units") on the basis of one New Unit for every 10 existing units in FLT (fractions 
of a New Unit to be disregarded) held as at 5.00 p.m. on Friday, 18 May 2018 (the "Preferential Offering"). 
 
Sponsorship Statement: 
DBS Bank Ltd. and Citigroup Global Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd. are the joint financial advisers, global coordinators 
and issue managers for the initial public offering of units in FLT (the "Offering"). DBS Bank Ltd., Citigroup Global 
Markets Singapore Pte. Ltd., Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte., Oversea-Chinese Banking Corporation Limited 
and United Overseas Bank Limited are the joint bookrunners and underwriters for the Offering (collectively, the 
"Joint Bookrunners") . The Joint Bookrunners for the Offering assume no responsibility for the contents of this 
announcement.
Transaction Reference Number (auto-generated):
9 4 8 4 4 5 2 4 3 3 5 3 7 4 2
Page 6 of 6FORM 6/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ]
Item 13 is to be completed by an individual submitting this notification form on behalf of the Trustee-Manager/
Responsible Person.
13. Particulars of Individual completing this notification form:
(a) Name of Individual:
Cher Mui Sim Susanna
(b) Designation:
Chief Financial Officer
(c) Name of entity:
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Asset Management Pte. Ltd.

