Export XML
1.    Please read the explanatory notes carefully before completing the notification form.  
  
2.   This form is for a Substantial Shareholder(s)/Unitholder(s) to give notice under section 135, 136, 137, 137J 
(as applicable to sections 135, 136 and 137) or 137U (as applicable to sections 135, 136 and 137) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (the "SFA").  
  
3.  This electronic Form 3 and a separate Form C, containing the particulars and contact details of the 
Substantial Shareholder(s)/Unitholder(s), must be completed by the Substantial Shareholder(s)/
Unitholder(s) or a person duly authorised by the Substantial Shareholder(s)/Unitholder(s) to do so. The 
person so authorised should maintain records of information furnished to him by the Substantial 
Shareholder(s)/Unitholder(s).  
  
4.   This form and Form C, are to be completed electronically and sent to the Listed Issuer via an electronic 
medium such as an e-mail attachment. The Listed Issuer will attach both forms to the prescribed SGXNet 
announcement template for dissemination as required under section 137G(1), 137R(1) or 137ZC(1) of the 
SFA, as the case may be. While Form C will be attached to the announcement template, it will not be 
disseminated to the public and is made available only to the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the 
"Authority").  
  
5.  Where a transaction results in similar notifiable obligations on the part of more than one Substantial 
Shareholder/Unitholder, all of these Substantial Shareholders/Unitholders may give notice using the same 
notification form.  
  
6.    A single form may be used by a Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder for more than one transaction resulting 
in notifiable obligations which occur within the same notifiable period (i.e. within two business days of 
becoming aware of the earliest transaction). There must be no netting-off of two or more notifiable 
transactions even if they occur within the same day.  
  
7.  All applicable parts of the notification form must be completed. If there is insufficient space for your 
answers, please include attachment(s) by clicking the paper clip icon on the bottom left-hand corner or in 
item 11 of Part II or item 10 of Part III. The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB. 
  
8.   Except for item 5 of Part II and item 1 of Part IV, please select only one option from the relevant check 
boxes.  
  
9.    Please note that submission of any false or misleading information is an offence under Part VII of the SFA. 
  
10.  In this form, the term "Listed Issuer" refers to  -  
  
       (a)     a company incorporated in Singapore any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the  
                official list of a securities exchange;  
  
       (b)     a corporation (not being a company incorporated in Singapore, or a collective investment scheme  
                constituted as a corporation) any or all of the shares in which are listed for quotation on the official list
                of a securities exchange,such listing being a primary listing;  
  
  
 
Explanatory Notes
SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT (CAP. 289) 
SECURITIES AND FUTURES (DISCLOSURE OF INTERESTS) 
REGULATIONS 2012 
  
NOTIFICATION FORM FOR SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDER(S)/
UNITHOLDER(S) IN RESPECT OF INTERESTS IN SECURITIES  
FORM 
3 
(Electronic Format)
Export XML
       (c)     a registered business trust (as defined in the Business Trusts Act (Cap. 31A)) any or all of the units 
     in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange;  
  
  
      (d)    a recognised business trust any or all of the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list 
          of a securities exchange, such listing being a primary listing; or  
  
     (e)    a collective investment scheme that is a trust, that invests primarily in real estate and real estate- 
         related assets specified by the Authority in the Code on Collective Investment Schemes, and any or 
        all the units in which are listed for quotation on the official list of a securities exchange, such listing 
          being a primary listing ("Real Estate Investment Trust").  
  
11.  For further instructions and guidance on how to complete this notification form, please refer to section 7 of 
the User Guide on Electronic Notification Forms which can be accessed at the Authority's Internet website 
at http://www.mas.gov.sg (under "Regulations and Financial Stability", "Regulations, Guidance and 
Licensing", "Securities, Futures and Fund Management", "Forms", "Disclosure of Interests").  
 
Page 3 of 7FORM 3/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ] 
Name of Listed Issuer:1.
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Trust
2. Type of Listed Issuer:
  Company/Corporation
  Registered/Recognised Business Trust
  Real Estate Investment Trust✔
Is more than one Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder giving notice in this form? 3.
  Yes
  No✔ (Please proceed to complete Part II)
4. Date of notification to Listed Issuer:
24-May-2018
Part I - General
(Please proceed to complete Parts III & IV)
Frasers Logistics & Industrial Asset Management Pte. Ltd. 
Name of Trustee-Manager/Responsible Person:
Page 4 of 7FORM 3/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ] 
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc.
Name of Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder: 1.
2. Is Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder a fund manager or a person whose interest in the 
securities of the Listed Issuer are held solely through fund manager(s)? 
  Yes✔
  No
Part II -  Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder and Transaction(s) Details 
[To be used for single Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder to give notice]
Notification in respect of: 1.
2.
  Becoming a Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder 
  Change in the percentage level of interest while still remaining a Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder 
  Ceasing to be a Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder ✔
Date of acquisition of or change in interest: 
21-May-2018
22-May-2018
Date on which Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder became aware of the acquisition of, or the 
change in, interest         (if different from item 2 above, please specify the date): 
3.
Explanation (if the date of becoming aware is different from the date of acquisition of, or the 
change in, interest): 
4.
Type of securities which are the subject of the transaction (more than one option may be 
chosen): 
5.
  Voting shares/units ✔
  Rights/Options/Warrants over voting shares/units 
  Convertible debentures over voting shares/units (conversion price known) 
  Others (please specify): 
A
On  22 May 2018, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc. (SMTH) became aware that its deemed interests in the 
voting units of Frasers Logistics& Industrial Trust (“Units”)  have dropped to below 5% on 21 May  2018 
attributed by the Private Placement.  Additionally, AHAM has also disposed a small number of Units on 21 
May 2018. Please refer to item 6. 7.and 8. below for details and item 10. for related party description.
Transaction        
Number of shares, units, rights, options, warrants and/or principal amount of convertible 
debentures acquired or disposed of by Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder: 
6.
disposal of 12,600 units
Page 5 of 7FORM 3/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ] 
7. Amount of consideration paid or received by Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder (excluding 
brokerage and stamp duties): 
SGD13,104
Circumstance giving rise to the interest or change in interest: 8.
  Securities via market transaction
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Securities via physical settlement of derivatives or other securities
  Securities pursuant to rights issue
  Securities via a placement
  Securities following conversion/exercise of rights, options, warrants or other convertibles
  Securities via off-market transaction (e.g. married deals)
  Securities via market transaction
  Acceptance of take-over offer for the Listed Issuer
Corporate action by the Listed Issuer which Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder did not 
participate in (please specify): 
  Others (please specify): ✔
Acquisition of:
Disposal of:
Other circumstances:
Corporate action - private placement of 333,199,000 units
Page 6 of 7FORM 3/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ] 
Quantum of total voting shares/units (including voting shares/units underlying rights/options/
warrants/convertible debentures {conversion price known}) held by Substantial Shareholder/
Unitholder before and after the transaction: 
9.
Immediately before the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of voting shares/units held and/or 
underlying the rights/options/warrants/ 
convertible debentures:
0 78,484,114 78,484,114
As a percentage of total no. of voting  
shares/units:
0 5.158 5.158
Immediately after the transaction Direct Interest Deemed Interest Total
No. of voting shares/units held and/or 
underlying the rights/options/warrants/ 
convertible debentures:
0 78,471,514 78,471,514
As a percentage of total no. of voting  
shares/units:
0 4.231 4.231
Circumstances giving rise to deemed interests (if the interest is such):  
[You may attach a chart in item 11 to illustrate how the Substantial Shareholder/Unitholder's deemed 
interest arises]
10.
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc. ("SMTH") has a deemed interest in Frasers units, on the basis of its 
controlling interest in each of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“SMTAM”) and Sumitomo 
Mitsui Trust Bank, Limited (“SMTB”). SMTB in turn has a controlling interest in Nikko Asset Management Co., 
Ltd. (“NAM”) which has a controlling interest in Nikko Asset Management International Limited (“NAMIL”). 
NAMIL has a controlling interest in Nikko Asset Management Asia Limited (“NAMAsia”) and separately holds 
more than 20% of the shareholdings of Affin Hwang Asset Management Berhad ("AHAM"). AHAM has a 
controlling interest in AIIMAN Asset Management ("AIIMAN"). 
 
Therefore, SMTH is deemed to have an interest in Frasers units held in aggregate by portfolios managed by 
SMTB, SMTAM, NAM, NAMAsia, AHAM and AIIMAN. 
Attachments (if any): 11.
12.
(a) SGXNet announcement reference of the first notification which was announced on 
SGXNet (the "Initial Announcement"):
If this is a replacement of an earlier notification, please provide:
Date of the Initial Announcement:(b)
(c) 15-digit transaction reference number of the relevant transaction in the Form 3 
which was attached in the Initial Announcement:
(The total file size for all attachment(s) should not exceed 1MB.)
Remarks (if any):13.
Page 7 of 7FORM 3/[ Version 2.0 ]/Effective Date [ 21 March 2014 ] 
Transaction Reference Number (auto-generated):
4 8 3 4 5 4 3 4 2 1 1 7 3 4 5
Item 14 is to be completed by an individual submitting this notification form on behalf of the Substantial 
Shareholder/Unitholder.  
14. Particulars of Individual submitting this notification form to the Listed Issuer:
(a) Name of Individual:
Junichi  Kabasawa
(b) Designation (if applicable):
Senior Manager, Risk Management Dept
(c) Name of entity (if applicable):
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings, Inc

